Ezozbek Kholbutayev
Python Backend Developer | From Uzbekistan

email: ezozbekh8@gmail.com
phone: +998900525616

Hard Skills:
  Python
  Django
  Django-rest-framework
  Postgresql
  Linux
  git
  github
  Docker
  Nginx

Soft skills:
      Collaboration

EXPERIENCE

@CloudFIle @ Backend Developer
Cloud file is my personal project in this project I used django and a user can log in to this project and place his files and servers are created for uploading each file and each of them is more than 5 GB cannot load file.

MARS TEACH TEAM @ Backend Developer
Robotics Academy's web project
I wrote the website backend for Robotics Academy. I also deployed this project to digitalocean. 3 people participated in this project. I wrote the backend of this project completely myself. Unfortunately, this project was removed from the server by Robotics-academy for some reasons

@ Diary @  Backend Developer
Diary this is my new big project and i am the main developer in the project and 
i use django and rest framework i used postgresql database in this project and i wrote other files than django itself for example signals this file when a registered person , 
that is, it prevents the data from multiplying.

Flixgo @ Backend Developer

This is a project for Github.
When I build this project, I use Django, Rest_framework, postgresql, drf
I got good skills from this project, for example I improved my Rest_framework skill

WordsUp @ Backend Developer

This is a project for Github.
I build WordsUp and i use Django, Postgresql
I think i did impruved my Authorizication skill form this project.
i did't upload to cloud camputer becouse i think if i upload this project to cloud camputer, users will don't use this project. Users can learn new english words from this project.

MyShop @ Backend Developer

This project can help to markets
I'm living in Uzbekistan and Uzbekistan has a lot of mini markets however they has not online system for control date and I wrote this to solve the problem but i did not deploy to cloud camputer.


Address @ Backend Developer

This project can help to new logistic company for example new company may has not enought money for buil own website that is why i build this project for this. This project is comfortable for users and owner for control.

All_changes_save @ Database Developer

This is not project but i use a lot of methods of POSTGRESQL that is why i did upload to my repostiory.

FREGG @ Backend Developer

when i was recording video for my youtube channel, i build this project.

Problemsolving @ Backend Developer

I was need this project becouse when i was learn python i had a lot of error and i just want to upload error and some people help to me i was don't know stackoverflow that is why i build this project.

CarService @ Backend Developer

When i was learning Django i build this project.



EDUCATION

PDP - Academy,June, 2022 - 2021, MARCH  

